# direction 1

Dear international students,

I am the chairman of the Students' Union. I'm glad to know that you are going to
visit our university. On behalf of our university and all the students, I'd
like to show our warm welcome and we are really looking forward to your coming.

To make all of you feel at home, here are some conductive suggestions. First, I
advise you to prepare some basic relevant knowledge about Chinese culture for a
better understanding in class. Besides, you can comunicate with our students on
the Internet before you come, so you can adapt to the life here better when you
come.

I'll appreciate if you find my proposals useful. And we will try to provide you
with a brilliant visit experience!

# direction 2

As is potrayed in the picture, a bottle of water is spilled on the ground and
two man in the scene show totally two different reactions. While one man covered
his face with sadness and complain that all is over, another man smile and feel
lucky about the remaining water in the bottle. This picture illustrates the
importance of positive mindset when we are facing problems.

It is inevitable that we might meet with difficulties in life, but the key to
overcome them is the attitude we treat the difficulties. With the pessimistic
mindset, we often lose our spirit and confidence which is indispensible for us
to get over the obstacle. With the optimistic mindset, we know that every coin
has two sides. On the one hand, the prolems might prevent us from moving forward
in the short term. On the other hand, we can improve our ability and boost our
courage in the process of handling the problem. So we can deal with the problems
more smoothly next time.

Whenever we encounter the situation like the cartoon, what we should do is to
treat it positively. Only if we have the optimistic attitude, can we have the
willpower to make ourselve stronger.
