# direction 1

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am one of your students and the chairman of Students' Union of Foreign
Language in your college. I am writing to invite you to be a judge for the
upcoming English contest.

This contest wiil be held in the theater of our colledge on Aprial 1, 2013, 
and the activity will start at seven o'clock in the evening. Participants will
be from different majors in our university. Judges to be invited include three
professors who are famaliar with you.

We would be greatly honored if you can spare time to take part in the contest
and provide us with your valuable comments. Please contact us at 1234567 if you
can come.

框架：
1. 介绍自己，发出邀请。
2. 介绍具体细节：活动地点、时间、参与人员。
3. 诚挚感谢，自己的联系方式。

# direction 2

Recently, there has been a heated discuss over the different choices after the
graduation. As is portrayed in the picture, many graduates are hesitating
between different choices, wheather to find a job, participate in the graduate
exam, go abroad or make his own carrer. The meaning bebind the picture is
profound: we should be responsible for the choices we make ourselves.

For those who are eager to seek independence and put their knowledge into
practice, seeking a job **would be both satisfying and rewarding**. By contrast,
those who want to take advantage of the university enviroment and would like to
get involved in acadamic research**, however,** will try to **enroll in the
graduate exam**. Besides, to experience different culture and enriches life,
going abroad for futher study would be rational choices. Besides, some ambitious
and talented people are wiilling to make their own carrers, so they can find
their partners and endeavour to achieve his goals.

As far as I'm concerned, I would like to take a graduate exam because I'm
looking forward to a further professional degree. I hope that everyone can make
his own choice based on his condition and willingness. And I beleve that our
rational choice will help us make a difference in the future. 
