# direction 1

**I am writing to put forward some suggestions concerning the ways to improve
students' physical condition in our university.**

First of all, I propose that we should take advantage of physical education
classes on our campus, and not only educate students to realize the significance
of the classes, but also encourage them to take active part in the classes. More
importantly, we should attach importance to the role played by extra-curricular
activities. For example, we could plan and organize a large number of such ball
games, basketball games and so on.

I'll appreciate it if you take my advice into consideration. And I firmly
believe that our efforts will help to make a big difference to the physical
education in our university.

# direction 2

As is portrayed in the first picture, **along the road walked** a young and
vigorous woman whose hands is tightly held to her daughter's hands, with smile
on her face.  Nowadays, the little girl has grown up to her prime and guides her
aged mother through the road arm in arm. **Recently these pictures has raised a
heated discussion on the Internet. Simple as they are, the meanings behind is
profound.**

**As a Chinese saying goes**, of all virtues filial piety is the most important,
**as is exactly consistent with the connotation expressed in these pictures**.
It is universally acknowledged that Chinese culture attach great importance to
taking care of parents when they are old. On the one hand, we should undertake
the responsibilities to care our aged parents because what we enjoy now is based
on our their selfless and dedicated cultivation before.  Besides, children is
the future backbone of our society. And it's essential for us to pay attention
to cultivate and care our children, which will pay back not only for us but also
for the society.

Given all the arguments, I take the attitude that as an individual we should
show filial piety to our parents who bring us to maturity. More importantly, the
public shoudld embrace and promote the awareness of filial piety which is
indispensible for a healthy and active society. In conclusion, filial piety, as
a traditional Chinese virtue, is significant for us to live a valuable and
fulfilling life.

思路：
1. 描述图片，引出道理。
2. 解释道理，然后解释这个道理存在的原因，**为什么**我们需要赡养父母。
3. 总结，作为个人和社会我们应该**怎么做**，然后一句话概括全文。
