# tanslation

1. 在各种强大动机的驱动下，这次运动在荒野之上创建了一个民族，并且遵其本质，
   塑造了这块新大陆的性格，决定了它的命运。

2. 美国是两股主要力量的产物：**一是**···，**二是**···。 

3. 但是，···，···以及···，**所有这一切**引起了意义深远的变化。

4. 在15～16世纪发现北美一百余年后，第一批移民穿越了大西洋，达到了这片大陆，即
   现在的美国。

5. 从迈阿密一直延伸到乔治那，这片干净富饶的土地，以及种类丰富的树木是一个真正
   的宝库。

# direction 1

Dear club members,

I am the host of the incoming reading session. And I want to recommend you an
awesome book called Filpped. I have read the book twice was really touched by
the story of the book.

The book tells a story about a pure and beautiful love between a young boy
called Bryce and a girl called July. July falls in love with Bryce when she
first sees him. But her family is not not well off in contrast to Bryce's.
After lots of affairs, the story finally ends in happiness.

I'll appreciate if you can take a look at the book. And I believe you can get
a lot from this book.

# direction 2

As is portrayed in the picture, four people are sitting around the table and
focusing on their phone without chatting with the people around. The picture
illustrates the phonomenon that nowadays people put too much attention on the
Internet so as to neglect the relationship with friends and family.(这一句不好)

Every coin has two sides. Adimittedly, the prevalence of mobile phone has
brought us many convenience, (后面就不知道该怎么写了，很多重复部分)but we tend
to neglect the intimate relationship between our friends and family when putting
too much time on the mobile phone.  To avoid such phonomenon from happening and
make our meeting more pleasant, we should put away our cell phones and
communicate with the people around us.

(还可以提出解决方法, 添加一些内容)I'll appreciate it if everyone can keep a
balance between the pros and cons that mobile phone has brought us. And I
believe that the world would be better if all of us put away our phone and
communicate face to face with our friends at certain times.

### polish

Four youngsters are sitting around the table to have a gathering feast.
**However**, **instead of communicating with the people around them**, the are
playing their cell phones all the time. 

Just as is put in the caption of the cartoon, it is typically a "Dinner party in
the mobile era".

This picture is naturally associated with a wide-spreading phonomenon in
comtemprary society -- too much addiction to the cell phone.

Every coin ... Adimittedly, the emergence of cell phone has brought us much
convenience. On the one hand, we can communicate with our friends from anywhere
of the world. On the other hand, the prevalence of cell phones also cut off the
face-to-face communication

To be specific, it's uncommon that on buese or subways or walking on the road,
we are all playing with phones or pads for recreation, such as reading digital
books, watching videos or movies, surfing the Internet, and so on, even though
we travel with our friends, parents and loved one.

Evidently, we should take a rational atttitude towards this issue, but how?
The media should promote the awareness of healthy lifestyle amoung the
youngsters. Meanwhile, social activities, either in communities or on campuses,
should be launched so that people can get back to real world.
